fix: document Swagger UI limitation for Operate API v.1 (#5562)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/operate-api/overview.md

Find your **region Id** and **cluster Id** under **Connection information** in your client credentials (revealed when you click on your client under the **API** tab within your cluster).
:::

> #### Limitation for Operate API v.1

Reviewer: I think this would be a better fit for a Warning box (see [here](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/self-managed/operational-guides/monitoring/metrics/#prometheus) for an example) than a dedicated subsection.

> The Swagger UI may return incorrect `id` and `key` values for data created on Zeebe partitions >= 4. In case precise ids are going to be copied and used in another queries, consider using another REST API client, e.g. Postman or `curl` command.
> The reason is that Zeebe may create `key` values that are bigger than JavaScript's `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER` (2^53-1) and Swagger UI may display such values incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swagger UI may display incorrect `id` and `key` values for data created on Zeebe partitions >= 4. In case precise ids are going to be copied and used in other queries, consider using another REST API client, e.g. Postman or the `curl` command.
The reason is that Zeebe may create `key` values that are greater than JavaScript's `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER` (2^53-1) and Swagger UI may display such values incorrectly.
```
